At $371 million of after tax operating earnings we delivered 29% growth compared to first quarter 2016, this reflects good underlying growth across our fee, spread and risk businesses.

This reflects strong asset appreciation and nearly $20 billion of positive net cash flow and it provides a solid foundation for revenue and earnings growth for the year.

Growth in China is helping to further diversify our revenue and earnings strings overall, in fact China is the third largest contributor to PI's pretax operating earnings.

Recent pension reform proposals have identified the real issue the need for a higher savings rate will continue to be actively involved in the dialogue on creating a sustainable retirement system in Chile, one that creates adequate income in retirement for its citizens through both mandatory and voluntary solutions.

In addition, we continue to make progress on our digital advice and sales platforms not only in the U.S., but also in Latin America and Asia.

We remain confident in our ability to comply and remain focused on helping advisors deliver retirement, protection and income solutions to their customers.

Credit losses continue to be below our pricing assumptions.

This strong growth in AUM was driven by positive investment performance, favorable foreign currency translation, and importantly positive total company net cash flows nearly $20 billion over the trailing 12 months including $3.7 billion during the first quarter.

Our target date suite flows in the first quarter remain positive with strong sales and contribution from our retirement plan participants.

On a trailing 12 month basis and excluding the impact of the 2016 actuarial assumption reviews, first quarter 2017 revenue growth and margins were within or above the 2017 guidance ranges for all of our businesses.

Further our exposure to risk of loss in the CMBS portfolio is modest.

Moving to Slide 12, in first quarter 2017, we strategically deployed $248 million of capital including $130 million in common stock dividends, and $118 million in share repurchases.

We'll continue to be strategic and disciplined in deploying capital.

As earnings continue to grow, we remain confident in our ability to deploy $800 million to $1.1 billion of capital in 2017 as we previously announced.

I think the growth story is more around our ability to continue growing revenues and earnings, as we did in the first quarter.

We think there's a natural growth that's going to be coming, because people are going to demand income in retirement, and not only income in retirement guaranteed income or in retirement.

So again I think this is an important conversation to be having, because we typically get caught up on the RIS-Fee talking about the defined contribution plan, so we see this is a real growth driver for Principal in the future.

We would expect to be at the high end of that net revenue growth as well.

And again as we look at all those things and project forward, we would expect to be at the high end of that that net revenue growth outlook.

And I think Nora is correct that the current quarter would be above that range some of that's going to normalize as we go throughout the year we wouldn't expect mortality gains in every single quarter.

And so again, I think the more appropriate way to look at that is the return on net revenue and as Nora mentioned we do as we look through the remainder of the year and consider our first quarter results, we expect to be at the favorable and of our guidance range relative to that return.

Our trailing 12 months operating earnings in Chile they believe were $148 million of pretax, this is number one.

So it’s a 7% increase over same periods in 2016, same thing for our revenues also growing at 7%.

And again in order to do that, we do rely on our track record as I mentioned to you to serve our customer needs and expectations particularly in the areas like a superior loans investment performance and customer service, so this where we’re and we're going to continue working for.

Uncertainly if you're looking our numbers and supplement and growing up of facts regular earnings $13.4 million for China, and but if you're looking our net revenues and if you’re looking the growth of our net rose in China quarter-over-quarter 18% and in consecutive quarter 4%, so we continue online and in trying to put a double digit growth for this year.

So I would say we think we’re sitting actually in a very favorable position related to the tax reform, again at the core of that is growing small to medium sized businesses.

But if you take a look, again I would encourage you to take a long term view because quarter-over-quarter you can have a sequential quarters.

You can have timing issues, but as you look at it if you take a long term view of both sales and transfer deposits they have been strong.

So the transfer deposits related to sales and then the in-plan cash flow which we call recurring deposits those two things have both done very well over the last several quarters.

But can you continue to grow net revenues at a pace that so significantly exceeds the pace of expense growth.

But we’ve looked forward and revisited that outlook call and really are confident that yes, we’re in the ballpark we’re going to be at the high end of the range with regard to net revenue growth.

Now, will we exceed on margins, will we exceed on that revenue growth certainly possibly that can happen.

And right now, the best way to deploy our capital seemingly is around more organic growth.

So we look forward to coming out chatting with you over the course of the next quarter about our strategy again very pleased with the transition between Terry and Deanna, and again we’ll see out on the road.

