The company's dependence on a select group of licensees for most of the Company's revenues makes them susceptible to changes in those organizations; and the Company's dependence on its key management personnel could leave them exposed to disruption on any termination of service.

The year-over-year decrease of $5.5 million which excludes revenue from Hi-Tec reflects the expected decrease in North American revenues relating to the Cherokee brand as we transition from Target to our new wholesale licensees.

Moving forward, we expect our financial performance to more closely reflect traditional retail seasonality with higher revenue and profit in the second half of the year.

We expect to see a reduction of the aforementioned expenses during the remainder of fiscal 2018 as we complete our integration activities and launch with our new licensees.

We will provide further updates to our guidance during our September earnings call as we head to the important fall and holiday season.

Today I will focus on quarterly brand highlights, and in particular the retailer/wholesaler franchise and indirect revenue updates that occurred during our first fiscal quarter.

For the first time in our 20-year history we will follow revenue parameters that are more consistent with the retail and fashion industry metrics, whereby we expect to generate approximately 60% to 65% of our revenue in the back-half of the year.

Today, our business model is more balanced and demonstrative of our go-forward strategy, where revenues will be more balanced across brands, product category, and territory.

As we continue to evolve our model, we believe we will generate profits through diversified revenue streams and include direct to retail royalties along with wholesale royalties, franchisees, and gross profits through indirect sales, all of which are part of our deliberate diversification strategy.

Hawk revenues for Q1 were $1.3 million, an increase of almost 7% over the same period last year, reflecting continued growth in key international territories, including Canada.

Product exclusives, such as Richmond's Marvel Time Spider-Man is an example of our efforts that are expected to drive sales and increase consumer engagement.

And at the same time, we're focused on reducing corporate expenses with a focus on increased productivity, eliminating redundancies, and continued integration with our global operations to leverage the unique capabilities that we now control globally.

We now need more of it, and as time will progress we do expect that there will be more and more product available, and sales will grow.

And I believe that as we head into the future, the future will yield positive results.

